Skip to content
WopeDigital
Website Design
Website Maintenance
SEO
Portfolio
Blog
Contact Us
World-class Website Design and SEO in Ghana
Grow your business online with a website that helps you rank on the first page of Google.

Get Started
Internet Marketing Solutions For Your Business
Website Design services and SEO in Ghana that help your business grow!
WopeDigital is a website design company in Accra, Ghana that provides web design and development services, SEO and Internet marketing. Our aim is to help your business grow via every online channel available.

Get Started
Website Pricing
GH Cedis
US Dollars
GH¢3,500
STARTUP PLAN
5 Pages
Mobile Friendly
Standard Designs
No Ecommerce
Renews at GH¢2,000/yr

GH¢5,000
SMALL BUSINESS PLAN
15 Pages
Mobile Friendly
Premium Designs
No Ecommerce
Renews at GH¢3,000/yr

GH¢7,500
ECOMMERCE PLAN
25 Pages
Mobile Friendly
Premium Designs
Ecommerce
Renews at GH¢4,000/yr

View all features

Order Now
Top Features Of Our

Professional Websites
Rank in Google
Be found in Google Search and other search engines for your products and services and enjoy free advertising. 

Scale Your Business
Automate many of your business processes, include lead capture, online payments, customer information management, etc.


Beat the Competition
Get an advantage over your competitors who don’t have one by showing potential clients how professional you are.

24/7 Access
Whether it’s a holiday or not, rain or shine, day or night, your website keeps working to help you gain and keep your customers.

The Osu Stool
The Osu Stool
Edem Goget'em
Edem Goget’em
KAB Resources Africa
KAB Africa
Rina Depont
Rina Depont
Ecommerce Website Design and Online Stores
We set up eye catching ecommerce websites and online stores that have increased conversion rates and are just a delight to shop from. With automated email and SMS notifications to you and your clients, to unlimited product uploads, product variations, multiple high resolution images, multiple payment gateways and providers, multi-currency support, multiple ecommerce platforms and a host of others.

We are privileged to be the No. 1 ecommerce website designers in Ghana, helping hundreds of businesses set up and run their online shops. We’re happy to have clients who go to bed and wake up richer because new customers were ordering their products whilst they slept.

We also recently completed the largest study on ecommerce in Ghana which we believe you’ll not only enjoy but will certainly enable your online store succeed more easily.

Depending on the preferred payment options of your target audience, you can accept payments with your favourite payment processors like PayPal, 2Checkout, Stripe, Flutterwave, expressPay, Rave, Paystack, PesaPal and more. You’ll be able to process any and all mobile money payments, Visa, MasterCard and even direct bank payments, depending on your processor.

Payment Methods
Portfolio

Web Development Projects
Website Design Project for Wonderspaced
WonderspacED
Website Design Project for We-Ape Adventures
We-Ape Adventures
Website Design Project for Orange Feather Community School
Orange Feather Community School
Website Design Project for Bonnie's Friends Africa
Bonnie’s Friends Africa
Website Design Project For Afro Global
Afro Global
Ecommerce website design project for K Beauty Supply GH
K Beauty Supply GH
Web Design Project for Gace.org
Ghana Association of Clinical Embryologists (GACE)
Website Design Project for themansiononmonument.com
The Mansion on Mount Ave
Website Design Project for Parkridge Healing Collective
Park Ridge Healing Collective
Real Estate Website Development for KL Homes
KL Homes
Corporate website designed for Zelco Global Engineering
Zelco Global
Website Design Project for Retro Eyeglasses By Tasha
RetroEyeglasses By Tasha
View 100+ More Projects
Quality Web Design and Development Services
Website design has gotten more necessary than ever in the digital age we live in. Everything has gone digital, everything’s on the Internet. Whether we’re trying to buy, sell, learn or entertain ourselves, we’re doing it all via the help of the Internet. And because everyone is online, your business should have an online presence too.

Having a website is not just about you or your business per se. It’s about your customers. Your customers want information about you, your business, your products, services, etc. Your ability to hire one of the top web design agencies in Ghana to create your business website can be the difference between success and failure.

Find The Perfect Plan For You

Compare Plans
Features	Startup	Small Business	Ecommerce
Pages	5	15	25
SSL	✓	✓	✓
Mobile Friendly	✓	✓	✓
WhatsApp Chat	✓	✓	✓
Social Media Integration	✓	✓	✓
Google Map Integration	✓	✓	✓
Security/Firewall	✓	✓	✓
Gallery	✓	✓	✓
Sitemap	✓	✓	✓
Contact Form	✓	✓	✓
Support	✓	✓	✓
Site Backups	✓	✓	✓
Website Analytics	✓	✓	✓
Speed Optimization	✓	✓	✓
Free Domain	✓	✓	✓
Newsletter Signups	✓	✓	✓
Blog	✓	✓	✓
Premium Designs	x	✓	✓
SEO Setup	x	✓	✓
Online Payments	x	✓	✓
Live Chat Integration	x	✓	✓
Ecommerce	x	x	✓
Customer Management	x	x	✓
Completion	5 Working Days	7 Working Days	10 Working Days
Learn more about each feature listed

Website Features
Testimonials

Don’t just take our word for it, see what others are saying
We’ve designed over 450 website, even for some of the best web design companies in Ghana, managed hundreds of Internet marketing campaigns, achieving blowout sales for our clients. We’d like to do the same for you. View more testimonials

Y’all seriously this right here is the real deal.
“Excellent customer service and their work is amazing. They are handling my fashion brand online store and I’m loving every bit of it. Try them today and you won’t be disappointed.”
Nelly Nel
CEO, Nelly Nel Couture
Our Clients









Retro by Tasha
The Beauty Box Deluxe



















We are your digital marketing partners
The world of business moves fast! Opportunities appear and within a split second, competitors move in. To keep growing, you need every advantage available to both increase your revenue and cut your expenses. That’s what we do.

By getting you on the first page of Google with a website designed for your business, we make it easy for new customers to find and patronize your products and services. Contact us today and let’s find out how much more your business can stand to grow.

Contact Us

Your Advantage

Business systems that work so you don’t have to.
You should be able to enjoy your business and focus on what you do best. By implementing both advertising (short-term) and SEO (long-term), you can gain new customers for years to come at a much lower customer acquisition cost.

Web Design
95%

SEO
93%

Why Many Businesses Choose

Professional Websites by Us
Experience
We have some of the best website developers in Ghana on our team. That’s why other website companies hire us. We’ve designed over 450 sites within the last 3 years alone.

Pricing
As one of the best website design companies in Ghana, we’re efficient at keeping costs within budget. We’re able to assure you of great value for your project.

Speed
We work fast! We complete most projects within 7 working days. By the 4th working day, your site is 80% complete and ready for you to review and provide feedback.

Q&A

Frequently Asked Questions

What is Managed Hosting?
Managed hosting is an alternative to traditional hosting. The major difference though is that with traditional hosting, you are on your own with no one to help you. You are responsible for any technical and/or security issues that arise with your website and would have to pay someone to have such issues worked on for you if you aren’t very technically inclined.

With managed hosting on the other hand:

We ensure that your website is always online.
We handle technical issues that may arise so you can concentrate on your business.
We manage security issues, patches, platform updates, etc to protect your website from hackers, and malicious actors.
We provide expert advice and support 7 days a week.
If you also desire/require regular changes to your website, like updates to your website’s content, products, pricing, etc on a regular basis, we do have website care plans for those as well.


I already have a domain name

Do your packages include cPanel?

Can you explain each of the listed features?

Can I edit my website myself?

I only want you to design the site. I have my own hosting.

Is the payment one-time?

Are there other web development companies I can consider?

Do your packages come with your SEO services included?
From Our Blog

Website Design and SEO Articles
Scam Alert
Job Recruitment Scam Alert
Updated on
October 3, 2024
A recent job recruitment scam on WhatsApp by a Miss Vinza has been brought to our attention. We’d like you to have all the details.

25 Steps for Website Maintenance
25 Steps For Complete Website Maintenance
Updated on
February 28, 2022
The Internet is littered with broken websites that don’t work. This guide on website maintenance will make sure your website isn’t one of them.

How to accept PayPal payments in Ghana
How to easily accept PayPal in Ghana
Updated on
January 7, 2025
Looking for a way to receive payments from your international customers? Learn how to easily accept PayPal payments in Ghana with this tutorial.

How to start an online business in Ghana
How to start an online business in Ghana
Updated on
June 8, 2023
Thinking about starting an online business in Ghana? Find answers to all the questions you might have in this ultimate guide to doing business online in Ghana.

Do I need a website for my business in Ghana
Do I need a website for my business in Ghana?
Updated on
June 4, 2024
Does your business need a website? Have you been making do with just a Facebook or Instagram page? Find out how a website can benefit your business in Ghana.

Learn how to get customers to buy from your website
9 ways to increase online sales through your website
Updated on
August 18, 2021
Tired of juggling orders on WhatsApp, Instagram, Facebook, phone calls, etc? Learn how to increase online sales through your website and see your business grow.

9 Website Security Tips To Protect Your Website From Hackers 3
9 Website Security Tips To Protect You From Hackers
Updated on
November 22, 2023
More and more websites are being hacked because of low levels of website security and maintenance. Here are 9 tips to keep you safe from hackers.

Accept online payments in Ghana
The 10 Best Payment Gateways in Ghana to Accept Online Payments
Updated on
August 29, 2024
You’ve created a lovely ecommerce store, you’ve filled it with your products and now it’s time to choose a payment gateway so you can accept online payments.

Ecommerce in Ghana
Ecommerce in Ghana, 2020 – An Insightful Report
Updated on
August 29, 2024
What is the state of ecommerce in Ghana today? Is online shopping growing? Who are the top ecommerce websites in Ghana? Find out more.

View More
Services
Website Design
Website Maintenance
SEO
Information
About Us
Portfolio
Blog
Quick Links
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Contact Us
40 Gye Nyame Street Dome-West, Accra

sales@wopedigital.com

+233 (24) 399 6025

WopeDigital © 2026. All rights reserved.